In Köningsfort traditions, the festivities began after sunset, illuminated solely by the soft flicker of candlelight. Banners were confidently hung on the walls, adding to the atmosphere. Special rituals were also conducted as part of the celebrations. These kinds of celebrations happened on various occasions—when they won wars, at weddings, and during births.

When a battle was won, people would gather to drink, sing, and dance. Later on, there was a unique test to identify those who were ready for future battles. This test involved attempting to break a sword in half using only their hands. Those who managed to succeed were considered fitting for upcoming wars, their capabilities were acknowledged. This test symbolized their preparedness for what lied ahead of at the battlefield.

At birth, the whole family of the child to be born would gather and line up around the mother. The baby's father and midwife were right next to the mother. Sorcerers would cast healing spells to facilitate childbirth if needed. As soon as the baby was born, a grey paint was applied to his forehead. To be able to distinguish right from wrong. They believed that the reason for the baby's crying was that it came into the world through suffering. They washed the baby with oil to ease their pain.

For the weddings, a traditional and a sacred ritual is carried out, where a horse is sacrificed. Its blood is collected in a silver goblet, symbolizing their relationship will be strong as a horse. The newlyweds take the first sips from the goblet. They pass the goblet around to everyone present. Those who refuse take a sip are considered to oppose this union and will bring unfortune to the couple. Thus, declining the goblet is considered taboo. After this ritual, the wedding continues with joyous and festive ceremonies, filled with music and dancing.

On a stormy winter day, a grand wedding took place at Köningsfort castle.  Tables, adorned with flowers and candles, were set up in the throne room, and the dishes, prepared by the most skilled cooks in the monastery, were placed on these tables. The orchestra, chosen by Khan's other older brother, took their places and began to tune their instruments. Chandeliers were lit, the doors were opened, and guests began to arrive. 

The atmosphere was filled with excitement and joy. Everyone was dressed in their finest clothes. They were sipping their wines and enjoying the appetising food. The orchestra started to play, people started dancing and swaying to the music. 

The couple stood up and made their way to the head of the room, in front of the thrones. All eyes were on them, watching their every move. The couple held hands and expressed their love and commitment to each other, everyone in that room was their witnesses. The head of the monastery, Kios and Penyez, stated their love was evident and declared them as a married couple.

Khan went to take the horse that was going to be scarified but as he arrived, he noticed a shadow lingering around. He considered investigating but everybody were waiting for him, so he hurried back. They laid the horse on the floor, attendants were holding it. The groom swiftly severed the horse's head with the ritual sword, causing blood stop spill everywhere. They managed to collect the blood in the goblet. The bride took a sip and handed the it to the groom. Khan's brother held the goblet, staring at the crimson liquid within. As his lips touched the goblet, a thunderous sound was heard. The very same shadow Khan earlier saw was here, destroying the monastery. Structures that had existed for generations- the houses they were born at, the crops they took care of, the statues they built were all collapsed with the overwhelming strength pf the shadow.

Shadow was applying force to the door of the room, trying to break it. Insiders rushed outside, fuelled with the mix of fury and determination to protect their cherished ones, their legacy, the monastery. The warriors donned their armors and took their swords with them, while the mages took positions behind the warriors. Meanwhile, the vulnerable- children and elderly were just waiting at the corner, hoping to survive the bloodbath that would form. 

After some time had passed, the shadow forced those who had retreated back to the throne room, some of them were injured. Penyez led the warriors while Kios was leading the mages. Their space were terribly cramped, and there were a lot of innocent people around. Khan's sick brother was trying to guide them to safety, but that was hardly possible while this deadly fight was happening in the room. Young Khan joined his brother, trying to comfort and protect the horrified children and the people who were screaming with his sick brother as he had not completed his magic and war training. His eyes involuntarily drifted to his mother, brother and Kios, worrying about them. The candles in the room were slowly going out due to the movements, the moonlight and spells illuminated the room. Never ending screams echoed through the room along with the pieces, falling from the walls and ceiling. The formerly white cloths on the tables were stained with blood. 

One of the candles, still burning, fell to the floor and set the throne room on fire. Regardless, warriors and mages continued their endless struggle, ignoring the spreading fire. As the flames got higher, the shadow was irritated, and moved backwards. The oven-like heat became unbearable for the shadow and he took the soldier in front of him, Khan's eldest brother, and threw him into the flames. Everyone was stunned by the screams of the groom who was burning alive. Penyez, who witnessed the bitter death of his eldest son in front of her eyes, sprung with great fury. But, in mid-air, the claws of the shadow pierced Penyez. With her last breath, she told her soldiers to attack with all their might, plunging her spear into the neck of the shadow before dying.

From that moment on, nothing could be heard except the incessant attacks and their echoing battle cries. Everyone was seeing red as they were faithfully carrying their dead leader had instructed. Khan's sick brother thought that this was a good moment for escape, guiding the children and the elderly out of the room, trying not to attract attention. They passed through corridors lit by torches. Khan left them and went back to the throne room, he could not sit still while everyone else was fighting fiercely. 

When he returned to the room, he was struck by the sight, he felt a fear he had never experienced before. This was a scenario for which his training had never prepared him. The bodies of people who had just fought had formed a pool of blood on the ground. Only seven survivors remained, and they were barely fighting. The shadow wasn't in good shape either. With the swords in his body and the influence of magic , it was difficult for him to move. Yet, it continued its relentless onslaught with the remaining survivors, moving with the fur of wild, mindless creature. 

Injured and disoriented, Kios was sitting upon the ground, struggling to regain his composure, while those around him shielded their leader from the shadow. Khan stopped watching and joined their desperate defence. The tired warriors had a very low chance of surviving against this powerful beast. The soldiers, disregarding their own lives, charged at the monster with all their might. They were fully aware that they could not survive their wounds. They had killed the beast, but it came with an immeasurable price- their own lives. Without dwelling on the battle's aftermath, Khan immediately took the Kios and left the room. Köningsfort was destroyed. All they could do was survive. As they passed through the dark and cold corridors, they encountered the corpse of Khan's sick brother and the people he was with who had died beneath the wreckage during the fight. His older brother's eyes on his brother's cold body were looking at him as if asking for help. Kios asked him to let him go with a painful expression, and he collapsed next to the lifeless body. He stroked Khan's older brother's hair and gently closed his eyes. Gazing upon the lifeless bodies of the elderly and children who had met their tragic end, he uttered, "No one deserved this end...". 